{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1038\cocoasubrtf350
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19400\viewh13980\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 \
Game desc\
----------------\
Launch fireworks to combat invading aliens.\
Aliens appear on screen, make way to bottom and try to land.\
Player plants fireworks or alien tech on ground in one of 12  or X lanes.\
Fireworks fire every x seconds.\
Player collects 'stars' in the sky with mouse. Stars fall to the ground quickly.\
Use stars to buy new fireworks or upgrade.\
\
\
Types of Fireworks or Alien Tech\
--------------------------------------------\
Fireworks\
Shells - All around good.  Best high in sky - Basic amiable, showers of sparks, high altitude, upgrade more "particles"\
Fountain - Only useful against low altitude - Plantable, low altitude, higher damage, upgrade range\
Rockets - Powerful but slow firing -  upgrade more damage\
Saturn Rockets - Really Weak but many per volley - Plantable, hight altitude, lower damage, upgrade more per volley\
Maroon - Stunner - loud bang, stuns in area, slow firing, upgrades bigger stun range\
M-80 - One time use.  Blows up rocks and obstructions from slots.  Also, blows up Alien. \
\
Alien Tech:\
Star Catcher - Orb collected from aliens. Attracts close stars and collects them for the player. Spits out a 10-Star when full. Upgrade wider "net"\
Force Field - Absorbs shots. upgrade wider area, upgrade reflect back, or upgrade field hp.\
\
Other:\
Bucket of Water - Removes the Firework\
\
\
Types of Enemies\
------------------------\
UFO - basic, move back and forth.  Tries to land. Comes from top.\
UFO2 - Just like the first, but attacks\
Tractor Beam UFOs - Comes from the side.  Lots of HP and tries to steal fireworks.\
Rock Droppers - Drops rocks on a fw, destroying it and blocking the slot. Use M-80s to clear it.\
Mothership - Big and slow lots of hp.  Has powerful, but slow attack.\
\
Level or Game types\
----------------------------\
Normal, waves of enemies, mixed\
Level starts with many rocks in lanes.  Must be cleared with M-80s\
Level starts pre-populated with only certain fireworks, like fountains\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
\
}